CakeFlip: Xtreme Baking
-----------------------

FINAL SUBMIT CHECKLIST:
----------------------------

start and update need cleanups
make things private. get and set. then recheck in inspector. EVERY PUBLIC THING. do it.

remove TODOS
remove debug.logs

audiomanager singleton to stop the weird duplicating audio bug? 	

make intro transition
scientist should be interactable

redo coroutine with hide the anonymouse one isn't working
go to sleep man you're so tired

game manager SayStatus for continuous effects like interactions. vs dialogue. need nother text box

farm play chicken clucks randomly on a coroutine

todo sunday onwards: (i guess i ran out of time? classic):
----------------------
debugging:
itempickup: remove dontdestroyonload? after unparented? ugh. annoying.
z-fighting in citystreet by billboards
THEN free for creativity.

competition island and npcs that judge. judge prefab with a billboard for score. wow i love it
"bouncers" or trampolines that momentarily increase jump force

	simple save system: which item is on which teleporter? so we can have "rare" items
		orrr just what has been unlocked. 
		and which level we are in currently. 
		controls? mini tutorial? idk nahhh probably not

maybe science lady / doctor / idk what that npc is / asks for a pizza. first quest. earn exp. idk
OOH unlock double jump when you give her pizza. yes. then unlock something else when you give her next item. key? idk. etc.

FLOATING LEVEL above enemy mobs. as you get stronger, so do they?

convert abstract class to IInteractable??? idk

then npcs:
	quest exclamation mark could be good though !!!

game over scene. has two buttons, like Fate. hahahaha. good memories. anyway. the wise doctor offers you a choice:
	two buttons are: 
		return to main menu
		respawn, with some curse. maybe just lose an item or all your gold or something.
		then you respawn in the science lab.

	maybe some evil level the enemies can kill you
	maybe if you get run over by a pizza truck? idk
	maybe if you fall off the edge in certain levels, you die instead of respawn

navmesh agents:
	TODO sort of an "item pool"
	crate island: "cop" that chases you if you blow up too many crates

different music every level? that'd be cool

combo:
	combo meter in ui?
	jumps give you a tiny bit?
	if you land in the middle of an animation, pkay crash animation (flash red) and cancel combo

todo next (4fun): 
----------------

item pickup and trick namespaces. not hard! just do it
hookup teleporters / basic blockout for final levels
SPAWNING. cars and crates!
	"cop" that chases you if you blow up crates

debug trick failing...
and maybe add some npcs with quests to unlock the other tricks
doing tricks (and unique tricks?!?!) increases combo (ui that goes up in a cone)
combo adds to your movement speed and jump force! ooh
some sort of flame effect at max combo!

scientist should disable movement as well as looking!
	or maybe just scrap. idk. or have 1 second timeout

8 levels is the stretch goal! have 3. 3 is good enough for now. polish a bit, then build out additional levels. do stuff
ABOVE THIS LINE first. then go crazy

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1. no item -> city ->
	should contain most items, if only once. key on the roof. the "home base"
	main goal: demo of skateboard
	do tricks for npc to unlock double jump
	do tricks for other npc to unlock more tricks and comp dimension 
	!! maybe he gives keys. or something. or rare items. idk
	build cityscape/roof hopping!!! in city level. hide rare item high up!!
	jump into double jump should be first unlock
2. saturn -> science lab
	contains nothing, so usually travel to city
	the "tutorial", the billboard will teach new things every time

	science lab is demo of teleport? maybe a long lit hallway would be spooky and cool
	maybe the doctor/scientist has quests for you. requests different items.
	"be careful out there. dimensional travel is no joke." audio sources? or trigger areas that play the dialogue
	eventually: voice record scientist lines for my professional voice actors aka me wife

3. pizza -> pizza dimension. maybe a city where every building is a pizza shop
	welcome to the pizza dimension.
	contains only pizza. so you have to learn dropping?
	npc that teaches you how to drop items
	or throw items? ooh that could be fun
4. toy ship -> pirate island
	maybe add a few more crate trucks
	pirate ships sailing in the distance??? could be kinda fun
	pirate ship that launches crates???? that could be cool... with water... oooh. 
	take demo urp level??? palm trees swaying?!?!?! oooh yeah
5. key -> olympic dimension? dungeon? and you need key to escape?
	competition island: do tricks for 3 judges. their scores appear in real time
	(on billboards and also in UI)
	countdown timer
	get enough points to win the game
	you can bribe the judges with food that you find oooh
	3 judges. perfect for ice cream donut pizza that we already have
	if you score badly you instantly lose the game. ow
6. ice cream -> dessert dimension
	nice leve? everything is fluffy? less gravity? idk
	OR BOUNCINESS. INCREASE BOUNCINESS OF PHYSICS MATERIALS DO IT

6. donut -> dessert dimension but different part
	two floating islands that can see each other?
	then we need two spawn points, and teleporter has to indicate which one. hmmmmm maybe for now just a bool in the gamemanager

7. competition island so game can end
	maybe a simple round racetrack and a trick interact big trigger collider area
	npcs that judge. 
8. roman level! vase item! just import ludus lol
	
game manager singleton to track dialogue seen or not
	i hate that word why did i include it

scientist tutorial
actual "baking" stuff. like combine ingreds to get to weird levels!
maybe the scientist has an oven

"talk" to npcs with dialogue system.
talk to guy on the street and ask about science lab

nice to have:
---------------
replace everything with kenney city kit. looks so much better man. 
cool sk8board textures
trick animations fade into each other? transitions? idk it's kinda fine
skateboard select from main menu
race feature. race enemy cars from one waypoint to another
	turnoff portals and Ui during race?
then tricks. do tricks to fill combo meter. impress npcs and they will reward you with items or unlock skills. first unlock is double jump? do x backflips 

IUnlockable












